explorer add sketch (#1688)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-explorer/db-management/draft.md

# Schema drafting

Explorer supports the schema drafting function. Users can design their schemas on the canvas to visually display the relationships between vertices and edges, and apply the schema to a specified graph space after the design is completed.

## Features

- Design schema visually.
- Applies schema to a specified graph space.
- Export the schema as a PNG image.

## Entry

At the top navigation bar, click ![Template](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/sketch_cion_221018.png) .

## Design schema

> Introduce how to design a schema by the schema of the dataset `basketballplayer` as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps take designing the schema of the `basketballplayer` dataset as an example to demonstrate how to use the schema drafting function.
```
